Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Attention! This movie has scenes of violence. Film was made for entertainment purposes and not for political implication. All coincidences are incidental.
Terra Studio
with the support of
present
Allo. yes.
Is a new locksmith coming today?
I will then take it with me on request. There it is necessary to cut the pipe in one place.
Ok. Good. All.
- Hello. Are you new locksmith?
- Hello. Yes.
- My name is Misha.
- My name is Zhenya.
Listen to me. There we need to cut the pipe in one place. It is necessary to find wheels for the grinder.
There is an abandoned room. Maybe we will find something.
Come on. let's see.
Here should be the old discs for the grinder.
Wow. There is generally tin. What can be found here at all?
- Look. There is something here.
- Yes there is.
- Look. how old disk.
- Let's get it.
Look what I still found.
Flash drive.
- Let's see what's on it.
- We have a laptop in the office. We can take a look.
- So?. let's drink coffee and look flash drive.
- Ok.
Wait.
Allo.
Yes.
Ok.
Bye.
- The chief calls me to sign something. I'll go get out.
- Well. go.
Don't look without me.
Why wait for him? I'll take a look alone. Maybe there is something interesting.
Hm. What is in this flash drive?
I did not drink coffee.
What is this place?
Is this car trunk?
Open!
Something he woke up there seem. I'll go take a look.
What's this? Am I on this video?
How did I get there?
Death files
Cast:
Misha Filmokritik
Evgeniy Toroschin
Sergey A.
Rob Ceus
Eldar Bogunov
Aska
Nikolay Yeriomin
Elisey Vishnyov
Maksim Almakaev
In episodes: Silvia de Satkliff. Ilya Zhernovikh. Aleksandr Degtyaryov. A.G.. S.S.. E.A.. I.N.. Random People
Directors: Sergey A.. Misha Filmokritik. Inge Vanleene. Eldar Bogunov. Aska. Nikolay Yeriomin. Elisey Vishnyov
Idea: Sergey A.
Cinematographers: Sergey A.. Misha Filmokritik. Brame Wolters. Eldar Bogunov. Aska. Nikolay Yeriomin. Elisey Vishnyov
Editors: Sergey A.. Misha Filmokritik. Nikolay Yeriomin. Elisey Vishnyov
Producer: Sergey A.
Death files
Human souls became too dirty.
Sinful. Perverse.
Pain. Violence. Malice. All this burns through their souls.
Probably not a single person remained with a pure and immaculate soul.
All people strive to sin.
Create madness.
Are there people who have not sinned?
I think. no.
Each person has his own little and terrible secret. which he will try to hide from everyone.
They still have the mafia. Just think about it. Where they live all their lives and sin all their lives.
They like to rape. rob. torture. kill.
All this madness is terrible sins.
Dirty. vicious human souls.
A pure soul. Oh yeah.
Oh. God.
What is this place?
God. I do not know where I am.
I urgently need help. It doesn’t catch the connection.
I hope someone finds this phone. That’s all I found there.
I don't know what is this place.
I was running away. Some maniac was chasing me.
I do not know what to do. I just want to get out of there.
This is some kind of garage.
Closed.
Damn.
I can't get out of here.
Someone is going there.
Damn.
God. Someone came in there.
No.
To the glory of Satan.
I killed all peole.
All are dead.
Smelly freak.
You can't beat me.
You are alive.
Ball. Tell me. kill him or let run.
Bad deeds. So it says kill.
Go away from me! You decided to deal with me. Hold on.
What's you doing?
You didn’t succeed in stopping me. and it will never come out.
Did you leave a cigarette here?
Or the one who killed you?
Wow. Christmas tree. Footwear.
What happened there?
Is there was hospital or medical building?
Hey. Where are you?
Here you are caught.
Ball. What do you tell me?
Kill!
Somehow bad.
You are dead!
I killed you!
Hooray! Hooray!
If someone sees this video. then maybe I'm no longer alive.
My name is Svetlakova Inna.
I borned in 1995.
I was kidnapped from club.
I was at a meeting with friends of classmates.
We went out to smoke and unknown people kidnapped me.
For a long time I was in slavery.
I was transported from place to place. I do not know where am I.
This is very terrible. I really want to go home.
I think. this is my last day.
They told me that I no longer fit them.
Most likely. they will sell me to organs.
I do not know what will happen next. Most likely. I will not see more relatives.
Please. If anyone sees this video.
Say my relatives. that last time I lay in the couch.
The government knows all this. so it’s useless to report it to anyone at the police or elsewhere.
Once. I managed to escape. I went to the policeman. He promised to help me. but in fact he just handed me back to this prison.
I do not know what it's called. We are locked in the basement all the time.
Today. they will let me into another room. Here is this room.
Tell my mother that I love her very much.
What am I watching? Who filmed this?
It’s necessary to calm down! It’s necessary to calm down! It’s necessary to calm down!
In the city of Astrakhan. something terrible happened in an ordinary village lake. This was exactly the headline of the newspaper that old grandfather Semyon read.
He looked at his native lake and threw the newspaper out the window. He hated mysticism and did not want to read about it in the newspapers.
But he inaccurately threw a cigarette butt and his wooden house caught fire. He ran to the lake to get water and put out the fire and save his wife. but disappeared.
The wife was saved. She began to search for her husband. but could not find.
The police arrived and was able to find the corpse of her husband.
They could recognize him only by the ring on his hand.
Local old people began to say that an ancient monster had awakened.
A few months later there was a flood. Semyonych. believed that the water would not reach him and laughed. but soon he was already standing head over heels in the water in his house.
A creature resembling a shark swam into the house and devoured Semyonitch.
His wife told me about this because she was able to escape.
She spoke about a humanoid shark whose body was covered with sores and other things.
What kind of creature was this? Ancient monster? The man who sewed his fins?
We will never know this. and the mystery of the Astrakhan Lake will terrorize its inhabitants until the end of time.
No. No. I can’t stand it.
All. I can’t watch it.
My name is Edgar Black. Today. I lost all.
Family.
Work.
Friends.
And home.
My name is Edgar Black. Today. I lost all.
Family. friends. work and home.
My name is Edgar Black. Today. I lost all. Family. work. friends and home.
But this day is funnyest day in my live.
Because I became...
...Devil.
Who is this people?
Yes. Not at the time you woke up.
Who is the owner of this flash drive?
There is old disks for grinder.
Look what I still found.
Flash drive.
- Let's see what's on it.
- We have a laptop in the office. We can take a look.